AD 2619
(SHICHISEI) Human disease has
many causes.
Of course, as you all
know, there are microbes such
as bacteria and viruses.
(JOSEPH) Not to mention,
...love, as well.
As I was saying...
Bacteria can be parasitic in
nature, residing inside host
organisms.
And, as living things, they are
capable of migrating, dividing,
and multiplying.
Viruses, however, have no way to
reproduce autonomously.
Instead, they have to parasitize
another organism's cells.
They must use host cells in
order to replicate themselves...
...and that often destroys those
cells in the process.
In other cases, viruses from
different animals can mutate
suddenly and then infect humans
as well.
In situations such as
those, the virus can destroy
its new, unfamiliar home, the
human cell.
The immune system of the human
host may then respond
disproportionately...
...resulting in the emergence of
illness.
There you have it. All of these
are the basic mechanisms of
infectious diseases in human
beings.
And now, the reason that you're
all here.
This is the Alien Engine Virus.
It's a new form of virus
that could wipe out humanity...
...since the mortality rate is
one hundred percent...
Its existence has not yet been
made public.
Even a new virus will usually
have a closely related strain
that can be found residing in
another plant or animal host.
But the Alien Engine, or
A.E., Virus is a different
story.
Heh. Interesting.
(SHICHISEI) May I?
It appeared suddenly forty-two
years ago. Then twenty years
ago, it began multiplying
rapidly.
Meaning...
that it's all the captain's
fault!
[growling]
Better watch it, senile Ruskie.
[chuckling]
Aw, scolded by a little girl
who's about the same age as my
very own daughter. [laugh]
I'm shaking in my boots here!
(SHICHISEI) Ahem!
Please.
Since we cannot cultivate the
virus in a lab,
we need an abundance of samples
from its source if we hope to be
able to create a vaccine.
And that's why...we'll be
sending a team to Mars.
Humanity's survival is hanging
in the balance.
02 DEPARTURE
(SHOKICHI) Uh... [coughing]
AD 2620
Team, this is your captain,
Komachi, speaking.
Our vessel, the Annex 1, has
exited Earth's atmosphere and
is heading to Mars on autopilot.
Till we land on Mars in
thirty-nine days, the
residential quarters will be
your home.
The ship is outfitted with
artificial gravity, but still...
Hey, how cool!...
...daily training will be
critical to prevent your muscles
from  atrophying.
...no way! How'd they pull that
off?
As a reminder, the officers'
area is off-limits.
But if you encounter problems,
use the comm to contact us.
[scoffs] Talk about stuffy.
Also, some the officers
on board are single, including
Michelle, Joseph, and, yours
truly! [chuckling]
Wha-?
Don't hold back now!
Wow! Well, this guy sure
doesn't seem too worried, does
he?
[scoffs] Not at all...
[chuckle and sigh] And now, we
wait.
[chuckle] All right guys, you
can get going and explore the
place.
[gasps]
Yeah! Me first! Me first!
If you say so!
So Kana, what are we gonna do?
Find a few good men!
Oh, um...Hey, Sheila?
Hmm...?
You wouldn't by any chance...
like the captain, would you?
[coughing]
It's true....I thought so.
The day before the surgery I
was...
...terrified...
It was all just...
...too much, so I skipped out
on training.
Have you...come here to take me
back?
Not at all.
I come here to cry, too.
It's my secret sobbing spot.
I come out here from time to
time...
...when I need to get out my
frustrations.
Otherwise, to be honest, I'd
probably fall apart.
[slurping]
[inhale]
(EVA) Are you gonna tell him....
...how you feel?
Course not! I mean, there's just
no way we'd ever work out!
That's true. He is twice your
age.
No, that's not what I mean!
[chuckle]
Oh, uh... Well, I...I didn't
mean that...
Oh, look! The shower room!
Let's check out the facilities!
[humming]
Uh!
Oh! I'm sorry! We didn't know-!
It isn't a problem at all. I
guess I forgot to lock the door.
[loud exhales]
[chuckle]
Your name's Sheila, isn't it?
Uh...Yeah....
Tell him how you feel.
Huh...?!
Women are meant to fall in love,
whatever may come.
[gasping]
Older men...that's not really my
thing, though.
Not in this lifetime. Not a
chance! [laughing]
I guess she's Miss
Posi - titty- ty... Or
something...
Huh...?!
20 Days to Mars
[thump]
[slurp]
[grunt]
[thud] Owww!
See?
Of course it's the only thing
he's good at...
Only thing since we were all
kids
Uh-huh!
Yeah, well I don't care if it's
the only thing, it still
freakin hurts!
Hey, I'm good at lots of
thing!
(JASON) Say that one more time,
bastard!
[growling]
(AKARI) That blonde guy's in the
same  squad as you are, right?
(MARCOS) Man, he's pissed.
(SHEILA) Shouldn't we stop him?
[growling]
Let's see, so...
Which part of what I said didn't
you like?
Was it when I said that your
parents sold you and your little
brother for cheap?
Or was it when I said it was
because your mom is nothing
more than a burned-out whore?
Or good thing your brother bit
the dust while under
anesthesia? That part?
You bastard!
Hey, hold...
on.
[chuckle]
You-!
(ADOLF) Enough.
Picking fights with each other
because you can't handle the
pressure, huh?
Most of you are going to die on
this mission, anyway.
[grumbling]
Once a vermin, always a vermin.
[growling]
(SHEILA) I'm sorry, I have to
apologize for my teammate.
(JASON) I...I just lost it...
(SHEILA) Look, everyone's on
edge...But  anyway, thank you
for trying  to help. Um, You're
Russian, right?
I'm Ivan. Please, don't you
worry about me!
I'm always doing stuff like
this. My sister says I must be
some kind of idiot... [teehee]
[titter]
[exhales and inhales]
(SHEILA) Well, not everyone
would've done what you did.
I think it took a lot of
courage.
Huh! [snort] Could you be any
more obvious?!
Love at first sight.
[teehee]
Careful, Ivan, if you fall in
love with Sheila, you're in for
a really rough road.
I mean, you do know that she's
got a thing for the captain!
(laughter)
[gasping]
Uhhh...Oh, uh...
You didn't hear that from me,
though!
(EVA) Too late!
(SHEILA) How did you know that?
(AKARI) Uh, well, I think
Michelle mentioned it...
But then...how did she know?
(ALEX) Hey dude, you all right?
I'm fine.
I-I'm more of a man than him,
anyway.
I know. Wanna play some catch?
(MARCOS) Sure...
AZARA CITY
SAITAMA PREFECTURE
3 HOURS
TO LANDING
Come in. Welcome.
Gimme a Maou Gaisen on the
rocks.
Certainly, sir.
To think, I'd find you here, in
Japan.
(SHICHISEI) Despite everything
that's  happened, we're
returning to Mars.
You look surprised.
(KOU) I beg your pardon, sir...?
You're talking to the current
Deputy Commander...
...of the Annex 1 project at
U-NASA.
I'm a major with the Japanese
Air Self Defense Force.
The name's Shichsei Hiruma.
And you're Professor Honda...
Correct?
Twenty years ago, on the Bugs 2
mission
...you were a project engineer.
You tried to outsmart the other
nations, as well as Komachi.
But you failed.
You also used...my brother,
Ichiro Hiruma.
I'm surprised you're still
alive, Professor Honda.
But...I'm glad that you are.
I didn't come here as an
official representative of
U-NASA.
As I mentioned, my true role is
to defend the country of
Japan.
For that, I need your
cooperation.
And I also need your knowledge.
But, as they say, first things
first...
You need to understand the
difference...between the Bugs
Project and the Annex Project.
Sheila!
[chuckle]
Here goes nothing!
(SHOKICHI) Attention, everyone.
This is  your captain speaking.
We've now been traveling for a
total of thirty-nine days.
The mission's progressing
smoothly, and we'll be entering
Mars's atmosphere shortly.
Everyone assemble in Area A in
two hours.
Following the equipment
inspection...
...we will begin Plan Alpha to
land on Mars.
Are you sure, Sheila?
You even learned Japanese from
Akari.
Yeah
I'm trying my best to put on a
sympathetic face
...but I'm really just hiding my
fear.
I can't be the only one...
Once all of us get to Mars...
Are you frightened, Eva?
[heavy breathing]
No matter what happens,
you must understand that fear is
a gift.
[exhaling slowly]
If there's one natural defense
we possess as humans, it's our
ability to experience fear well
before death's grasp.
Allowing us to face our fears.
So we can devise a plan.
We officers are aware of how to
defeat these things.
Rest assured, Eva.
You may have ninety-nine peers.
But, you have one hundred
people to help you face and
fight against your fears...
Even then...No...!
I hope we never land on Mars!
(SHOLICHI) Michelle! Got a
moment?
Huh?
Several security camera in
Areas D and S are down.
Can you go check it out?
[spitting]
So, uh...
...who do you think's still in
there taking a shower?
I saw that Chinese girl go in
earlier.
Whoever it is, it's been a
while.
(AKARI) Huh, you smell that?
There's a scent...
It's not quite like shampoo, but
it's feminine.
(MARCOS) Yeah...
(AKARI) Well,...it's only
natural, right? To want to check
things out and make sure
everything's okay?
(MARCOS) Oh, yeah, totally!
[chortle]
Oh! I was just, uh, worried that
you might've passed out or
something, so...
M-my mistake!
[thud and groan]
[outcry]
[insect-like chirp]
Those things find their way into
practically everything...
[thud]
Wha-?! What?!
But this isn't Mars! How did
they-?!
[crash]
It's a miracle
How did I dodge that?!
Like a cockroach scurrying out
from underneath a swift blow
The cards are stacked against us
Marcos!
I'll keep this thing busy.
You get to the cargo hold!
But what are... what are you
gonna-?!
If we try to make a run for it,
it'll kill us both! Now go!
[grunt]
Come on, you! Bring it!
[thud]
[insect squeaking]
Michelle!
Go after Marcos.
No way! I'm not letting you do
this alone! The others are
helpless without the serum.
Their new abilities are useless
to them!
They've got nothing!
It's just you and me,
we're the only ones born with
superhuman abilities!
You have to go.
What...?
If there's more than one of
these Terraformars, Marcos is
a goner.
You must protect him.
Can there...really be...?!
[gushing and crunching]
[choking, gasping for breath]
[thud, choking]
[splat]
[screaming]
We've gotta find some place to
take cover!
[muffled cries]
[insect-like chittering]
[explosion]
[wailing]
Where's the serum!
In the cargo hold!
Get back!
But that's just a...!
just a riot gun. Yeah, I'm aware
of that!
This thing's gotta die...
...and this is all I've got!
Somebody! Get to the cargo hold
fast!
The serum
For close-quarters combat with
a Terraformar, use the serum.
Now, your body will struggle to
adapt to it at first...
...but the serum will awaken
your new abilities.
If only I had that damn serum
[bellowing and shooting]
[inhales deeply]
[boom, cracking, groaning]
[bang]
Oh,...God!
[juicy smack, whack]
God-!
[squelsh, thud]
[plop, whimpering]
Let's open it.
[shaky breathing]
[hydraulic hissing]
[deep inhaling]
[clattering, smashing]
[insect chattering, breaking]
(SHOKICHI) Washington, this is
Annex 1.
The Annex Project...
...has failed.
to be continued
03 TO MARS
[insect chirping]